Judging from your test scores,
I'd say you're
beginning to grasp
the poetry of logarithms,
and that's a good thing,
since this counts
as one-fourth of
your final grade,
and only two more
days before the exam.
Tomorrow we dive into
oblique triangles.
I know I'm excited.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Your dog ate my homework?
No. I just thought I would spare
you the embarrassment in class.
Thanks... I guess.
Don't tell me you're surprised.
You disappeared for four
days just before the test.
I know. I know. It's just...
My life's been a little
complicated lately.
I'm willing to give
you a second chance.
There's a 10th grade Trig class
that meets during your study hall.
Wait a second. 10th grade?
They just started the
unit on logarithms.
Ms. Baird, I'm a junior.
Who's failing Math.
I think you can swallow
your ego long enough
to get your grades up to speed.
Yes!
How much time do we have left?
Twelve minutes.
Hello. Hey! No. No.
You won't show me
yourself, so...
No. Oh... It's ridiculous.
It's no big deal.
Come on. It's...
It's not that bad.
What are you talking about?
I look like a...
I look like a convict
or something.
Yeah, but a really sexy convict,
who can now take us to
Mount Tam in the afternoon
and Stinson Beach
on the weekends
and that lookout point
on Twin Peaks at night.
- Yeah.
- All those lights.
A convict in his mom's Volvo.
Who cares? It's freedom.
We can go anywhere,
just the two of us.
Alone.
How much time do we have left?
Nine minutes.
No way.
No way!
I said one onion, one olive.
This isn't a joke, right?
Because if it is, I'll...
Really? Tomorrow?
Oh, man. Okay.
Okay. All right.
All right. I'll be there... I'll be
there in, 10 minutes. Okay? All right.
Whoa, wait a minute.
Where are you going?
I've got to split. Sorry.
Get Kennedy to cover
for me, all right?
Everybody, drinks are on me.
Charlie!
♪ Everybody wants to live ♪
♪ Like they wanna live ♪
♪ And everybody wants to love ♪
♪ Like they wanna love ♪
♪ Everybody wants to be ♪
♪ Closer to free ♪
♪ Everybody wants to live ♪
♪ Like they wanna live ♪
♪ Everybody wants to love ♪
♪ Like they wanna love ♪
♪ Everybody wants to be ♪
♪ Closer to free ♪
Well?
That was perfect, Claud.
What about my bowing
in the adagio?
That sucked big time.
Your bowing was perfect.
It was perfect.
Would you stop saying that?
How am I gonna learn anything if
you keep telling me I'm perfect?
You're supposed
to be my teacher,
so, teach, criticize.
Tell me what I
should do different.
What?
You know what, Claudia?
You're a better
violinist than I am.
Oh, please. I am not.
Duh.
You are a great violinist.
Tell you what. This time,
I'll play it again and...
Pay attention.
I don't need to hear it again,
and even if I did, I can't think of
anything I could possibly tell you
that would help you make the
leap from great to brilliant.
I think you need a new teacher.
But you're my teacher.
And I've taught you
everything I know.
I think you need to move
on to someone who can
take your playing
to the next level,
because I can't.
That's why I played one of your
practice tapes for Gloria Metzler.
Gloria Metzler?
You remember. We heard her in
concert last year at Davies Hall.
She only takes a two or
three students a year.
She's agreed to take you.
This is a good thing, Claudia.
You're on your way.
Guess it's getting a
little crowded in here...
Hey.
But it's okay.
I mean, there's no place else.
How's it been going?
Fine.
Never better.
- You?
- Great.
Just great.
Sucks, huh?
Totally.
I...
I heard about what
happened with Jill.
Yeah, well...
I'm sorry, man.
I mean, for what it's
worth, coming from me.
Yeah.
Well, karma, I guess.
- Trig?
- Trig hell.
As if things weren't bad enough,
Ms. Baird put me in a 10th grade
class for a couple of weeks.
10th grade? Brutal.
Like I'm ever going to need to
know how to solve a triangle.
Come on, Bay.
I mean, it might
not be that bad.
Hey, a junior man among
sophomore women?
They'll be lining up
to study with you.
Yeah, some consolation.
Hey, there's some
pretty hot sophomores.
Julia.
Bailey.
- What are you doing here. -Well,
you must be Bailey Salinger.
I, uh... I must be.
I understand that you're having a
little trouble with logarithms.
Did Ms. Baird mention
that we're already two
days into the unit?
Uh, no. She, uh...
She left that part out.
Well, it shouldn't be a problem.
We'll get you some extra help.
Well, uh... actually,
I could, uh...
I could meet you after
school or something...
Actually, I was thinking that
your sister could help you.
- You mean...
- Me?
Well, why not?
Julia's doing very well
and you need a tutor.
You both live in the same house.
Sounds like the perfect
solution to me.
Uh, well, I've actually
been pretty busy lately.
And I'm pretty quick
on the uptake, so...
And I'm sure Bailey
doesn't need my help,
- right, Bay?
- Absolutely.
It's not a request, guys.
These projections are based
on 50 to 60 craftspeople,
from joiners to finishers.
Well, 60 sounds about right.
But we,
in order to be certain, we'd have
to see the production schedule.
And that's tight, as you
can see from the calendar
on page 12.
Is that going to be
a problem for you?
Well, that's...
Doable. That's
definitely doable.
- Good.
- So, I'm sorry,
we would just become another
part of the Cromwell Collection?
- Pages in a catalog?
- No.
What we're looking for
is a prestige line.
A limited edition of
fine furnishings.
We want you to do exactly
what you have been doing,
only on a much larger scale.
And if that's okay with you,
then on the issues
of salary, benefits,
and profit participation,
we're ready to talk
to your lawyers.
Now, do you need some
time to think this over,
or shall we toast?
Stop it! I'm going to throw up!
$65,000?
Do you have any idea how
much money that is?
It's $65,000!
Can you say rich, Owen?
And that doesn't
include profits.
Did I mention I get
part of the profits?
- Are you kidding? You're kidding!
- No!
Part of the deal.
Hey, Charlie, you can
buy me a Stradivarius!
Just think of the thousands
of butts all over America
that are gonna be planted
in your furniture!
♪ Baby, I got it ♪
♪ What you need ♪
♪ You know I got it ♪
♪ All I'm askin' ♪
♪ Is for a little respect ♪
♪ Just a little bit ♪
Hey. The pizza guy's here.
Who's got money?
We do!
$65,000!
- Hi.
- Hey.
What's going on?
No, no, come on in.
I just told them.
We're kind of celebrating.
Oh. Is this a bad time to go
over the deal memo with you?
No. Why?
Is there a problem?
Well, it's nothing big.
See, they were
incredibly generous
with everything except
moving expenses.
They're only offering
$3,000 to cover both of us,
- which means we'd practically have to
share a truck and... -Wait a minute.
What are you talking about?
Well, there's no way we can both
move to Seattle for $3,000...
Seattle? They never said
anything about Seattle.
Yeah, but it was
understood, Charlie.
I mean, that's where they're headquartered.
That's where the new factory is.
- Gwen, hi!
- Hi.
Charlie just told us the news.
Congratulations.
Isn't it amazing?
Come on, Come on.
No shop talk, both of you.
We're celebrating!
What do you think?
Would you?
Could you?
Seattle.
It rains in Seattle...
But I guess I can finish
my dissertation anywhere,
but I'm not really the
issue here, Charlie.
Well, maybe it isn't an issue.
I mean, the pros so
outweigh the cons.
They'll see that, right?
And what, Bailey has one
year of school left
before he goes off
to college anyway,
and Claudia...
Well, she's so young.
Kids that age, they...
They adjust pretty well
to changes, right?
They'll make new best friends
in, like, a half an hour.
And, Julia, she...
When was I told that I...
Damn.
I can't believe the
way things work out.
Is the deal set yet?
Well, maybe there's still time
to make a few demands
of your own,
like keeping the company here.
The factory's in Seattle.
Charlie, these
people came to you
because you have
something they want.
Right.
That's true.
Right. They came to us.
I mean, they need us on board
if they want to
sell our designs,
so why should they be the ones
to set all the conditions?
Yeah. I mean, maybe if I put
together a proposal or something.
One hour. You do all my chores.
No way. That's worth
at least, like, three.
It's your turn to scrape
Owen's diaper pail.
That's three hours
over how many days?
Every day until the test.
That's, like, nine hours.
It's a fair deal.
It'll take you 45 minutes
to do my chores.
Now, if you were willing
to repaint my bedroom...
Look, Julia, do you really think
this is an empowering
experience for me?
What about me? I had a
date with Justin tonight.
So what? You could suck face
with him any time you want.
I only get one
shot at this test,
so I'm gonna need, like, at least
an hour and a half every night.
Okay, look, I'm only
going to say this once,
but...
I kind of need you here.
- Okay.
- Great. Thank you.
If Justin and I can
use your Jeep.
What?
- It's just for Saturday. He
got his license... - My Jeep?
And his mom's going to Sonoma,
so we don't have a car.
Yeah, but my Jeep?
Look, do this and we'll
drop the chores,
and I'll have you spouting
co-terminals in your sleep.
It's my best offer.
All right,
but if you park in a lot, park at the
far end, I don't want any door dings.
And don't park under any trees because
the bird poop eats away at the paint.
Wait a second. You'd
better write this down.
Chin up, dear. You're an
artist, not a beggar.
Instrument higher.
Has that always
been your position?
Yep.
Now I see we have a few
bad habits to break.
Don't be so timid
with the music.
Vivaldi should be
played as you feel it,
not as if it's memorized.
Flat. Flat. You're flat.
Oh...
Sorry.
All right, dear,
that's enough for now.
Ross, uh, how long did you
say she's been playing?
Long enough.
Could you, um...
Could you give us
a minute, please?
Certainly.
What are you doing, Claudia?
I guess I'm just not
ready for this yet.
Maybe if you and I worked
together just a little more,
- I'd be able to...
- I see. Come here.
I know this is
difficult for you,
but if you're going to be great,
I mean really great
at something,
you have to be willing to make
some pretty big sacrifices.
You have to give up a few
things along the way.
And now you have to give me up.
I won't.
So I went home last night
and I looked at the figures,
and I realized
that 95 percent of
Cromwell's business
is done in Northern California,
so the way I've got it figured
you'd actually be saving
about $25,000 a year
if we continue to work
out of San Francisco.
What about shipping
costs for materials?
I'm sorry. Charlie and I actually
haven't had a chance to discuss this.
Well, um... as far as
shipping costs are concerned,
I think you'd find...
Charlie, this deal
only works for us
because we've got a
$6 million facility
sitting idle in Seattle.
I know, but...
It doesn't make sense for us
to support two factories.
Well, no, maybe not, but I think
if you take into account...
You know, I think
what Monica is saying
is that the deal only
works in Seattle.
Still, if it's an
issue for you...
It isn't, an issue.
I just...
Thought I'd ask.
So it's the square root of five.
Never mind. I have no idea
why that's the right answer.
Because it's always X
squared plus Y squared
equals R squared. This
is simple, Bailey.
You'd have to be brain-dead
not to get this.
Come on, Jule...
It's probably Justin.
Give me a sec.
Hello? Hi.
It's Justin.
What a surprise.
Yeah, almost done.
Bailey's really getting
the hang of this.
You just saw him an hour ago. You're
going to see him in a half-hour.
Aren't you guys getting a
little sick of each other?
- I am.
- What? Uh, no.
Bailey was just saying
something to me.
Yeah.
Sure, okay. What time?
Julia.
Justin...
Yeah. Yes.
Yes. Okay. Bye.
You guys are just so adorable.
My teeth are rotting.
What's your problem?
Could we just do this, please?
Okay. Um...
Just do these. They're easy.
I'll take a look when
you're finished.
I'm going to go change.
Wait a second. We still
have like 25 minutes left.
Well, I'm not leaving.
God, what do you want me to do?
Hold your hand?
No. No. I want you
to actually help me.
What do you think
I've been doing
five miserable hours
in the last two days?
Mainly daydreaming about getting
to first base with Justin.
Shut up, Bailey!
Fine! Who cares if I fail Trig,
as long as you get to
play in the sandbox
with your stupid boyfriend?
Oh, that's funny, Bay.
Like you have the right
to call anyone stupid.
God, Jule, when did you
turn into such a bitch?
Hey, guys.
We've got to have a
family conference
in the living room, all right?
Did you hear me?
So it's not just a
good thing for me.
It's a good thing for all of us.
I mean, I'll be making
a lot more money,
which means that we'll
be able to have
pretty much anything
that we want,
and, um,
we'll just make the transition
as easy as possible.
- And, um...
- Seattle?
God...
Charlie...
That means, like,
all new friends
and a whole different school.
I'm almost a senior.
I can't leave here.
Not now.
Look, I'm not stupid.
I know that this is
a major thing here,
and I know that you guys
would be giving up a lot.
I mean, I'm sorry
about Justin, Jule.
Sorry?
What good does that do?
The point is, I really
don't have a choice here.
If I don't move up there,
I miss out on the whole deal.
Look, Charlie, this is great.
I mean, we're all
really proud of you,
but the thing is, you
just started out.
You know? I mean, maybe...
maybe if you waited awhile,
something else would come along,
you know? Something...
Something closer to home.
Well, that's a good idea.
I bet it will.
Nothing like this is going
to come along again.
This is a once in
a lifetime thing.
You want us to sell the house?
- Claudia... -We can't
sell the house.
We can't move out. I don't
care about the money.
I'm sorry, but...
I think this is a really,
really bad idea.
Guys...
I don't want to go.
Me either.
None of us do.
You think he's mad at us?
He'll recover.
You say that like it's over.
As far as I'm concerned, it is.
He went to Seattle this
morning, do you know that?
Gwen picked him up early.
- Really?
- You're kidding.
Kirsten said he shaved.
He shaved?
Charlie?
He's going to take
the job, isn't he?
And what if he does?
Maybe it'll be okay.
I mean, maybe everything
would work out okay.
It could, right?
Well, I'm not going.
I mean, it's taken us this long
to get, you know, back on track,
and I'm not starting
from scratch.
God, Justin and I just
started seeing each other.
Oh, that's great, Jule.
Is that all you can think about?
No, that's not what I meant.
God.
Like the whole world revolves
around you and your boyfriend.
Bailey, that is not
what I'm saying.
Just forget it.
So I was thinking,
maybe I did push you
a little too fast.
I mean, it's not so easy
to make such a big change,
just like that.
Forget it, Ross.
No, come on. Listen to me. I
have an idea for a compromise.
If I stayed on as your teacher...
You're not gonna be
my teacher, okay?
No one is, because we're
not gonna be here anymore.
We're moving to Seattle,
so just forget about it.
Seattle?
Charlie got this job offer,
and he's making us go.
Wow.
That's big news.
You want to talk about it?
What's to talk about?
It's not like I have
any say or anything.
Well, you know what
you have to do?
You have to think
about the stuff
that's not going to change,
like you'll still have
your family with you.
Gee, I feel better already.
There's a lot of great
violin teachers up there.
Like I care.
Of course you do.
You're gonna get up there,
and you're still gonna
have your music.
You know, if you concentrate
on the stuff you really love,
it'll make everything
a lot easier.
No, it won't.
Anyway, it doesn't matter.
I'm not playing the
violin anymore.
You don't want to do that.
Yes, I do.
If Charlie makes us move
to Seattle, that's it.
I'm giving up the stupid violin.
So...
How much time do we have left?
Don't.
It's not even definite.
Why don't we run away to
South America together,
change our names to Delrubio
or something like that.
This isn't funny.
I'm serious.
Why don't you come
live with my family?
You think they'd let me?
Sure, why not? I mean,
they worship you.
Jeanie's away at school.
Her room's just
sitting there empty.
And it would only be
for, like, two years.
- I mean...
- Yeah.
Then we could go away
to the same college.
Yeah, and it's not
like we would be
adopting you or anything.
Just think about it. You'd be...
You'd be right down the
hall from me all the time.
We'd sort of be, like,
living together.
Yeah. Follow me.
Why not? Let's ask.
I mean, they invited
us to dinner tonight.
We get a couple of
glasses of wine in them,
and who knows?
Wait'll you see the factory.
It's got this huge window
overlooking the whole operation,
so I'd be able to sit
at my drafting table
and watch my furniture
being made.
I'll have my own secretary.
Me.
It'll be weird.
I'm sure you'll adapt.
Afterwards, we drove around,
checking out neighborhoods,
looking at houses.
We could afford
something pretty nice,
but I was thinking
maybe we should buy,
a real fixer-upper
and do the work ourselves.
I mean, the kids would
love that, right?
It would be fun.
I could build Julia
a canopy bed.
She's always wanted
one of those.
Bay'd be able to play
football next year.
Did anybody say
anything at home?
No.
It's been kind of quiet.
I'm going to talk to them.
I bet you I can sell them
on this, don't you think?
Oh.
For Claud. The Space Needle.
Everyone up there kept calling me "Mr.
Salinger."
I kept looking over my
shoulder for my father.
How was your night?
You have a good time?
I sure as hell hope you did
because you know what?
I'm going to fail
this test tomorrow,
and I really hope that whatever
you were doing tonight
is more important than that.
- You bet.
- Great.
What?
You didn't actually think
I'd be here, did you?
I mean, you don't think
you can call me a bitch
and expect me to rush
home to save your butt.
Right. right. I forgot
that I was talking to Miss
Sensitivity and Understanding.
"You'd have to be brain-dead
not to get this, Bay.
"Bay, God, you're pretty stupid.
"I'd better run out
and be with Justin
because I don't care
what happens to you."
Hey, I was here and
I was helping you
and all I got was you
trashing me and Justin,
like there's something wrong with
me wanting to spend time with him,
like you don't know exactly
what that feels like.
- Forget it.
- No way.
When did this become my
responsibility, huh?
I'm not the one who failed.
I'm not the one who
skipped a week of school
to run off to L.A.
I mean, this is so unfair.
I'm having a great time
for the first time in so long.
I just want to spend
time with Justin,
that's all I want to do,
and now this stuff with Seattle
and having to study with you.
What, so is that a
good reason just to...
to ditch me?
You know what?
You treat me like some
baby with brains,
you know, like there's
something silly and cute
about being in
love with someone.
Why should I help you?
Because I'm in trouble
and I'm your brother.
Hey.
You know what? Why don't I
take your bags upstairs?
Okay.
Where's Claudia? Is she asleep?
Who could possibly
sleep in this house?
I took the job.
They want me in Seattle...
as soon as possible.
What?
So you just do whatever
you want, man?
What is wrong with this family?
Why would you do that to us?
Yeah, we told you we
didn't want to go.
- He doesn't care.
- What are you...
I don't care? Are you kidding?
I'm trying to make this
work out for all of us.
I'm trying to make this okay.
Now...
I talked to some people about
schools, Claud, and guess what?
There's this incredible school
for kids who are good
at music and art.
I thought you'd be
happy about that,
and the airline
has these coupons
for pretty cheap flights
from Seattle back here,
so if you want to
come back and visit,
even, like, every month,
whatever you want, that's fine.
I mean, I'll pay for it.
It's not the same thing.
- I know it's not, but... -I don't
want to go to a different school.
You don't know that.
We'll go visit the place.
This is the first
really great thing
that has ever
happened in my life.
I can't let it go.
You have to understand that.
That's not fair, Charlie.
That is not a fair argument.
I mean, there's one of you
and there are four of us,
and each of us has
something here
that is every bit as important to
us as your business is to you,
and this is our home.
Fine.
Then I'll tell you what,
I'm not asking, I'm telling you.
We're moving to Seattle.
- You can't do that.
- The hell I can't!
I'm in charge here.
I'm the adult.
We are picking up
and we are going
and I don't want to hear
another word from any of you.
We are not going with you!
- Yes, you are!
- I'm not going.
I'm moving in with Justin.
We asked his parents
and they said they'd
think about it.
What?
What about me?
Where do I go?
You are all coming with me.
There's no way you can
do that, Charlie, okay?
You can't, so you go.
You go to Seattle and you take care of
yourself. We're not going with you.
We're going to get split up.
That's right.
I hope you can live with that.
20 minutes left,
so pace yourselves...
and remember,
I'll be giving partial credit,
so show your work.
Oh, God, everyone's an
idiot when it rains.
I thought I'd never get
out of that Xerox place.
Okay I, uh...
I copied the rough
sketches of the armoires,
and I need ballparks
on the unit cost.
If we can't make them for
under one and a quarter,
I think we should drop the line.
What's the matter?
One and a quarter's the top.
We knew that, Charlie.
They said they won't go.
Bailey and Julia and
Claudia, they...
They don't want to move.
You're kidding, right?
Oh, God.
Wow.
What does that mean, exactly?
I mean, not to sound
insensitive or anything,
but what about you?
I don't know.
I'm kind of trying
to figure that out.
I really want us to
do this together.
I mean, we're a team,
we're partners,
and neither one of us would
even be in this position
if it hadn't been for the other,
but this is big, Charlie,
and if you...
If you can't do this with me...
Hey.
I haven't made up my mind yet.
When I got home,
my mom was at the sink.
And, uh, she didn't
say anything,
but I could tell she was upset.
She was, uh,
washing the lettuce
at 11 o'clock,
so I, uh...
went to the fridge
to get something,
and the next thing I know,
she comes over and puts
her arms around me,
and I'm standing there with
a bottle of orange juice,
and she's just hugging me.
They said no?
She said that she
talked to my dad...
and...
they just thought it was best
if you were with your family.
She seemed to be
sad about it, like she, uh...
she would have liked
to have said yes.
And she loves you,
and she knows that I love you.
So that's it, then.
Okay, well, look,
we'll write each other
and we'll talk on the phone
and airfare isn't that bad
and in the meantime,
we'll spend all our
time together, okay?
Mm-hmm.
Starting tonight.
I can't tonight.
I want to, I swear.
It's just, um...
It's like, everyone in my family
is looking out for
themselves these days.
Me too,
and it feels, uh,
I don't know...
bad,
like we're all
thinking of ourselves.
Doing things for ourselves,
no matter who gets hurt.
Well, I don't get it.
Bailey failed his math
test, and it's my fault,
so I have to do something,
and if I can get
him a makeup test
and help him study tonight,
or talk to him and just
apologize, then, uh...
Well, I kind of have to do it.
How about tomorrow night?
And every night after that.
I was thinking.
Maybe Charlie could take
some of Dad's cooking stuff.
Maybe Justin's folks
will let Julia bring the piano,
and I thought one of
us should take those.
I mean, if we're split up.
Look, Claud,
the truth is...
The truth is, if Charlie
goes, we'll go with him.
Even after what you said to him?
Yeah.
I can't imagine
living anywhere else.
I know.
Me either.
I hear it rains a
lot in Seattle.
Yeah, well,
if we're all up there together,
maybe it won't be so bad.
Hi. I'm sorry to bother you, Mr.
Gronemeyer.
but I kind of have to talk
to you about Bailey's test.
You asked me to help him,
and I sort of did, I guess,
but I feel like his grade
is probably my fault,
so I thought I'd ask if
he could make it up.
Oh, well, I'm sorry, Julia.
We've already bent over
backwards for your brother.
Well, I know, but he would have done
better if I'd helped him a little more.
You did what you could.
He'll just have to
live with a B-minus.
B-minus? Okay.
I just thought I'd ask.
- Hi.
- Hey.
Do you mind if I, uh...
It's okay.
It's a very slow read.
Cap'n Crunch?
Thanks.
Sorry. I ate all the
Crunch Berries.
That's okay.
I kind of like the way
it sticks to my teeth.
Charlie signed all
his contracts.
We're definitely going to go.
Oh, yeah?
How soon, do you think?
A couple of months, I guess.
We've got to sell
the house first.
So I'll still be
around for a while.
Well, I'll definitely see you.
We can have lunch and stuff.
Is that it?
Well,
what else do you want, Claud? I mean,
if you're giving up the violin.
I don't know, Ross.
It's kind of screwed up.
I mean,
maybe I will be a great
violinist some day,
if I don't get, like, run
over by a bus or something,
but maybe I won't.
Right now, I just want
to be a regular kid,
who happens to be pretty
good on the violin,
a kid who takes lessons
from someone she really likes,
because that's the part
that makes me happy.
And that's...
That's sort of what
I need right now.
At least until I go.
Three o'clock?
As usual?
Maybe we could try the
Bach Double in D Minor?
Well, I don't know.
That's a pretty advanced piece.
Don't worry.
I'll take the hard part.
You know what?
If I were a father, if
I were their father,
and my company wanted
to transfer me,
or if I just got some
amazing job offer,
I'd just come home and
say, "Guess what?"
and we'd go.
I mean, sure, there'd be
some bitching and moaning,
but we'd go.
I mean, that happens
all the time,
and that's the way it happens.
Families follow the dad.
And I'm kind of the dad.
And I'm kind of not.
The thing is, I...
I built those.
And someone liked them
enough to spend $650.
That means something.
It does.
It's okay, Owen. I'll turn
the volume down really low
so it doesn't damage
your hearing,
but I really need you
to be quiet, okay?
It's Pearl Jam, so you'll
grow up with good taste.
I just wanted to
congratulate you...
on the test and all.
Thanks.
How'd you know?
I went to see Gronemeyer to
ask him to give you a makeup
and he told me.
So anyways, that's great.
You asked Gronemeyer
to give me a makeup?
Guilt...
you know?
But the point is, you
really didn't need my help,
which is probably a good
thing, considering.
No kidding.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Well, me too.
I don't know. It's just...
It's like, here I am, trying
to keep from drowning,
and I keep being reminded
of how easy it's been for you.
It hasn't been that easy.
Well, at least you have Justin.
I guess.
You're happy, Jule.
There's nothing wrong with that.
I'm just jealous.
And...
And I don't mean
to make it sound
like what you guys have
is silly or stupid.
It's not silly or stupid.
It's...
It's simple.
And I guess I just wish that...
That things could have
been that way with Jill.
I don't know, maybe...
Maybe they still can.
Do you think?
Definitely.
Justin's parents said no.
Really?
So...
Seattle.
Yeah.
It's kind of funny,
don't you think?
How you can't hold
on to anything?
We have to remember to be
good to each other, okay?
That's important.
We've got to remind
each other, okay?
Okay?
Okay.
I saw the light on.
Pretty late.
I know.
I was just...
I was just putting
some stuff away.
Listen, Charlie,
about Seattle and all...
Forget it, Claud.
I'm, uh...
I'm not going.
You're not?
But you said that...
I told Gwen I couldn't,
and, uh...
she bought me out.
It's a little over
$15,000, with profit.
Not much, but...
It's a done deal.
I'm sorry.
I really am.
I love you, Charlie.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org